Cisco AMP - Apps (#4894)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/saas-cloud/cisco-amp.md

---
id: cisco-amp
title: Cisco AMP
sidebar_label: Cisco AMP

> description: The Sumo Logic App for Cisco AMP helps you monitor and analyze cybersecurity incidents, including host activity status and file types implicated in security incidents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: The Sumo Logic App for Cisco AMP helps you to gain real-time monitoring and analysis of cybersecurity incidents in the Cisco AMP platform.
```

---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/cisco-amp.png')} alt="thumbnail icon" width="85"/>

> The Sumo Logic App for Cisco AMP equips security analysts with tools to improve threat detection, conduct in-depth investigations, and strengthen cybersecurity defenses. It provides security analysts with a robust platform for real-time monitoring and analysis of cybersecurity incidents. Analysts can assess event severity, types of incidents, host activity, and file types involved in breaches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Sumo Logic app for Cisco AMP provides security analysts with essential tools to enhance threat detection, conduct thorough investigations, and strengthen cybersecurity defenses. It offers security analysts with a powerful platform for real-time monitoring and analysis of cybersecurity incidents. Analysts can evaluate event severity, identify types of incidents, assess host activities, and analyze file types involved in breaches. 
```

> The app also highlights top hosts, users, tactics, and techniques, helping analysts identify trends and potential risks. Analysts can investigate detection types, recent malicious files, compromised endpoints, and suspicious processes to respond swiftly to security incidents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Additionally, the app highlights the top hosts, users, tactics, and techniques, helping analysts recognize trends and potential risks. With this app, they can examine detection types, review recent malicious files, investigate compromised endpoints, and monitor suspicious processes to respond swiftly to security incidents. The app's geolocation features further enhance analysis by mapping the origins of cybersecurity events and emphasizing activities from restricted areas.
```

> The app's geolocation features provide insights by mapping the origins of cybersecurity events and highlighting activities from restricted areas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

:::info
This app includes [built-in monitors](#cisco-amp-monitors). For details on creating custom monitors, refer to the [Create monitors for Cisco AMP app](#create-monitors-for-cisco-amp-app).
:::

## Log types

> This app uses Sumo Logic’s [Cisco AMP Source](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/cisco-amp-source/) to collect the event logs from Cisco platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This app uses Sumo Logic’s [Cisco AMP Source](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/cisco-amp-source/) to collect the event logs from the Cisco platform.
```

// global filters
| where severity matches "{{severity}}"
| where event_type matches "{{event_type}}"
| where status matches "{{host_status}}"
| extract field=tactics "\"?(?<tactics>[\w\s\-&.,]*)\"?[,\n\]]" multi
| extract field=techniques "\"?(?<techniques>[\w\s\-&.,]*)\"?[,\n\]]" multi
| where tactics matches "{{tactics}}"
| where techniques matches "{{techniques}}"

| count by id, connector_guid
| count
```

## Set up collection

> Follow the instructions provided to set up [Cloud-to-Cloud Integration for Cisco AMP App](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/cisco-amp-source/) to create the source and use the same source category while installing the app. By following these steps, you can ensure that your Cisco AMP app is properly integrated and configured to collect and analyze your Cisco AMP data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up [Cloud-to-Cloud Integration Cisco AMP Source](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/cisco-amp-source/) for the Cisco AMP app, follow the instructions provided. These instructions will guide you through the process of creating a source using the Cisco AMP Source category, which you will need to use when installing the app. By following these steps, you can ensure that your Cisco AMP app is properly integrated and configured to collect and analyze your Cisco AMP data.
```

Reviewer: @amee-sumo Can you update this section with the latest reuse content, because Cisco AMP app too will have source configuration integrated with the app installation.
Ref: https://help.sumologic.com/docs/integrations/saas-cloud/1password/#collection-configuration-and-app-installation

> ## Installing the Cisco AMP app

Reviewer: Delete this section, as installation will be a part of source configuration for this app. 
Ref: https://help.sumologic.com/docs/integrations/saas-cloud/1password/#collection-configuration-and-app-installation

 
## Create monitors for Cisco AMP app

import CreateMonitors from '../../reuse/apps/create-monitors.md';

<CreateMonitors/>

### Cisco AMP monitors

| Name | Description | Trigger Type (Critical / Warning / MissingData) | Alert Condition | 
|:--|:--|:--|:--|

> | `Cisco AMP - Events from Embargoed Geo Locations` | This alert identifies and flags events originating from embargoed geographic locations within the Cisco AMP environment. By promptly detecting and responding to activities from restricted regions, security analysts can proactively mitigate potential threats and prevent unauthorized access or breaches.. | Critical | Count > 0 | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Cisco AMP - Events from Embargoed Geo Locations` | This alert identifies and flags events originating from embargoed geographic locations within the Cisco AMP environment. By promptly detecting and responding to activities from restricted regions, security analysts can proactively mitigate potential threats and prevent unauthorized access or breaches. | Critical | Count > 0 | 
```

// global filters
| where severity matches "{{severity}}"
| where event_type matches "{{event_type}}"
| where status matches "{{host_status}}"
| extract field=tactics "\"?(?<tactics>[\w\s\-&.,]*)\"?[,\n\]]" multi
| extract field=techniques "\"?(?<techniques>[\w\s\-&.,]*)\"?[,\n\]]" multi
| where tactics matches "{{tactics}}"
| where techniques matches "{{techniques}}"

| count by id, connector_guid
| count
```

## Collection configuration and app installation

import CollectionConfiguration from '../../reuse/apps/collection-configuration.md';

<CollectionConfiguration/>

:::important

> Use the [Cloud-to-Cloud Integration for Cisco AMP App](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/cisco-amp-source/) to create the source and use the same source category while installing the app. By following these steps, you can ensure that your Cisco AMP app is properly integrated and configured to collect and analyze your Cisco AMP data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the [Cloud-to-Cloud Integration for Cisco AMP Source](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/cisco-amp-source/) to create the source and use the same source category while installing the app. By following these steps, you can ensure that your Cisco AMP app is properly integrated and configured to collect and analyze your Cisco AMP data.
```

:::

### Create a new collector and install the app

import AppCollectionOPtion1 from '../../reuse/apps/app-collection-option-1.md';

<AppCollectionOPtion1/>

### Use an existing collector and install the app

import AppCollectionOPtion2 from '../../reuse/apps/app-collection-option-2.md';

<AppCollectionOPtion2/>

### Use an existing source and install the app

import AppCollectionOPtion3 from '../../reuse/apps/app-collection-option-3.md';

<AppCollectionOPtion3/>

> ## Viewing Cisco AMP dashboards

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Viewing the Cisco AMP dashboards
```
